OneSight clinics is all about taking
access to care to people
who wouldn't necessarily have access
to that.
Sometimes we work in regional
and remote locations around
Australia and New Zealand, sometimes
in lower socio economic.
We will do a lot of work in
homeless shelters, drug and alcohol
rehabilitation centres.
We work in migrant centres.
We're there trying to pick up those
that wouldn't have access through
the normal channels.
We believe that everyone deserves
access to quality eye care and a
pair of glasses if need be.
And that's why we'll keep going
until the world can see.
My KPI each morning when I get
there, the bed is how many lives can
I improve for the better?
We bought the team in a team of
volunteers.
We're doing some screening with the
kids to try and identify any
needs that they might have before
they move on to school.
To ensure that they can see properly
before they start their educational
journey.
A lot of kids we find can go
through their whole school career
without getting their eyes tested.
And we find that just because
there is an optometrist
or an eye care specialist handy
doesn't necessarily mean that mum
and dad again take the kids there.
We find that by taking the services
to the schools and taking them to
the organisations with the people
in need, then we will uncover
those people who ordinarily just
would not get tested.
For us in a kindergarten setting,
what we're looking at doing is
trying to identify any
visual needs that kids might have at
an early age.
So it's important that kids
get their eyes tested every 12
months, two years.
And we're here providing that
service for those parents who
wouldn't normally take their kids
and getting tested.
Usually during our screening
clinics, we cheque to see that they
can see clearly in the distance.
We then cheque to make sure that
their eyes are working together and
independently.
We make sure that they can read up
close. And then we're also doing
some Stereopsis test.
That's just a fancy word that lets
them know can they see in 3D.
And is there any colour deficiencies
in their vision before the
optometrists are having a look at
the internals and making sure the
of the health of the eye.
There's a smile on the kid's faces
when you go in.
There is an absolutely incredible
experience to volunteer
and to try and help these kids see
a little bit better.
It's important the work that we do,
because we know with kids, 80
per cent of their learning is
visual.
So if you can't see things
you can't learn.
If you can't learn.
You can't earn.
And it's very, very important that
the children have the best
opportunity and the best start to
life in.